Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[funky hip-hop beat layers in]
[older Kanan] Previously on
Raising Kanan...
Whoa. What is this?
Just grabbing some memories
for your wife.
You're working with him?
He pays more than you.
[Marvin] Cafe Vous.
-To Cafe Vous.
-Cafe Vous.
We get the right clientele
up in here.
we can move a lot of work.
I'm asking you.
let the club alone.
Don't dirty it up
with that shit.
-Don't dirty me up.
-I'm done with South Jamaica.
You're on your own
from here on out.
I'm in a fight
for my fuckin' life.
[gunfire]
-They hurt you?
-No. no.
It's not safe no more. 'Nique.
Wish you'd come wit' us.
Gon' see you soon. J. a'ight?
[dramatic music playing]
[Breeze] We got this whole shit
wired and working.
All we missin' is you. brother.
You ready to run the table
on the Southside?
You assured me that your demand
would meet my supply.
I just gotta get my ducks
in a row.
That ain't gon' take long.
I can promise you that.
Where I'm from.
it is better to be dead
than to betray a promise.
So you and I
will be partners. right?
Partnership mean ain't no reason
to start no shit.
We heard back from our friends
in the NYPD.
-Famous.
-[Pop] Raq hired
some dirty police
to kill your friend.
[Garcia] They found
the Jane Doe in a stairwell
over at Edgemere.
[gunshot]
[Raq] Why would I kill
Krystal. Kanan?
'Cause you don't want me
to have nobody but you.
That's why I gotta do this
right now.
[tense music playing]
-[gunshots]
-[casings clatter on floor]
[Ruben] We gotta go.
♪♪
Had to be
this motherfucker 'Nique.
He dumped Lou like he was trash.
You also gonna need to pray
for the motherfucker
who did this to him
'cause he gon' meet me
before he meet God.
Marvin...
You on your own.
We don't mean nothin'
to each other no more.
So you expectin' me to say
I give a fuck?
You ain't never had a enemy
like me. Kanan.
I had you as a enemy
my whole fuckin' life.
♪♪
[music fades]
♪ I'm a hustla. baby ♪
-♪ I'm a hustla. baby ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through
The ups and downs ♪
♪ You know I get around ♪
♪ So to me. it's all a part
Of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I gotta take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turn homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make-make-make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money. Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em
Done shot at the rest of 'em ♪
♪ Checks. I'm collectin' 'em
Check. boy. I'm finessin' em ♪
♪ Big bags of bread ♪
♪ Boy. you fuck around
Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ 'Fore the weather break
You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it ♪
♪ They don't do it
Like we do it ♪
♪ Cop it. whip it
Bag it. flip it ♪
♪ Re-up. we up
G'd up. what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' 'round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
♪ Ha-ha. that's right ♪
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
♪ And it's alright ♪
♪ That's how we do it
On this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to it
♪ I know heartbreaks Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through
The ups and downs ♪
♪ You know I get around ♪
♪ So to me. it's all a part
Of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I gotta take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turn homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Ayy. ayy ♪
[Rileyy vocalizing]
[grim music playing]
[older Kanan] Always gotta have
a safe place you can go to
when shit get hot.
Some outta the way spot
where you can stash
you and yours.
But that shit just
a temporary solution
to a permanent problem.
Long as your head
still on the corner.
it don't matter where you hide.
this shit gon' find you.
Only way to stay safe
in the game
is to take your ball
and go home. nigga.
[car door opens]
Ain't no game...
-[Pernessa sighs]
-If you don't play.
You made it.
[sighs] We're so glad
that you're here.
Where's Jerome?
Out in the back.
He know I'm here?
Come on.
Let me show you the house.
[solemn. dramatic music playing]
Jerome don't want nothin'
to do with me.
It's not you.
He's just scared
about what happened.
Jerome has been living in fear
his whole life.
And when we got
grabbed up like we did.
that was all the worst shit
he ever thought about
coming true.
I think he's happy here. though.
Least he not scared.
He actually slept last night.
For the first time
since we were in New York.
Hmm.
We gon' be good again. P.
Just gotta put
a couple things in place...
and we gon' be straight.
I don't wanna go back
to the city. 'Nique.
There's nothing there for us.
-I'm there.
-Yeah. but you could be here.
With us.
We could leave
all that bullshit behind
and start something new.
Fuck I'ma do. P?
[tense music playing]
What fuckin' skills do I have?
It's like all this time
and you still don't know me.
This shit all I got.
All I am!
Without it. I ain't me.
I know you better
than you know yourself. baby.
Because I know
you can do whatever you want.
Because I know if you weren't
born in Southside.
you'd be a doctor or a lawyer
or a senator.
You'd be whatever the fuck
you wanna be.
[tender. solemn music playing]
But I was born
in Southside. Pernessa.
And I'ma die there too.
[music darkens]
[music fades]
[sighs]
Goin' out.
Of course you are.
Meanwhile. you got me locked up
in here like a prisoner.
Must be nice to be able to come
and go whenever you like.
You wanna leave the house.
Elena? Hm?
Be my guest.
Hell. you'd be doing me a favor.
Be one less pain in my ass.
So go.
Get the fuck outta here!
[cries softly]
[sniffles]
-[sniffles]
-[Phil sighs]
Christ. I am so sorry.
I'm sorry. sweetheart.
Come here. Come here.
I spoke out of turn.
-I'm a fuckin' idiot.
-[cries]
I'm scared. Phil.
Aren't I allowed to be scared?
Of course you are.
Huh?
I should never talk to you
like that.
Hmm. what an asshole I am.
I know how hard
this must be for you.
Comes with the territory.
But we're gonna be okay.
I promise.
[sniffles]
Sit down. Listen.
Once everything is good again.
me and you.
we're gonna get dressed
to the nines.
I'm gonna take you to Rao's.
[tender. solemn music playing]
All right?
We're gonna get the fish salad.
Spaghetti with the clam sauce.
-The lemon chicken.
-The lemon chicken. [laughs]
The works.
You've always known
the way to my heart
is through my stomach.
And the way to my heart
is through yours
'cause they're connected.
You're my best girl.
You're my best guy.
Come here.
Come here. you.
I'll be back soon. huh?
Mmm. [kisses]
♪♪
[dog barking in distance]
[music fades]
-All right. let's go. Come on.
-Okay. boss.
[car engine starts]
Everybody's already
at Tamerlane.
Don't know what they're
expecting me to say.
Sometimes you gotta
throw some elbows.
The fuck they want from me?
I think the guys just wanna see
that you're still running
the show.
Who the fuck they think
is running the show?
It's just. uh. you been holed up
in your house so long.
they need to see your face.
Fuck my face.
Okay if we hit
the drive-thru on the way
so I can get a cup of coffee
and something to eat?
I can barely keep my eyes open
after standing guard all night.
About to be at war
with Stefano Marchetti...
this fuckin' guy needs
his McMuffin.
Do what the fuck
you need to do. Carmine.
I can't tell if you don't get it
because you don't want to
or because you just can't.
But truth is. either way.
I don't give a fuck.
The curtain's come down. Raq.
Show's over. Time to go home.
I know shit got fucked up.
Stefano.
But we was makin' real money.
We can make real money again.
Real money.
Yeah. what about the real
fuckin' knife
I just took
to my real fuckin' gut?
That's not on me. though.
That's on you and all that shit
with Sal.
There woulda never been shit
with Sal if it wasn't for you.
You brought that cocksucker
over the river.
Turned my whole world
upside down.
You know. I been doing this
for fifty fucking years.
I never so much as sprained
a goddamn finger.
Then all of a sudden.
you show up
and my pancreas turns into
a fuckin' pin cushion.
[sighs]
You're not the only game
in town. Stefano.
[ominous music playing]
I find out
you're still working here...
Queens will be so full
of Sicilian hitters
there'll be a citywide run
on cannoli.
Ply your trade elsewhere. Raq.
Queens is no longer
an option for you.
We're finished.
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
[tense music playing]
[girl] Welcome
to Joy in a Basket.
Can I take your order. please?
You want anything?
I don't eat this shit.
[girl] Can I take your order?
-Hello?
-Motherfucker!
[yelling]
[grunting]
[bullets pinging. ricocheting]
[music intensifies]
[engine revving]
[tires screeching]
[music fades]
I chopped it up
with this nigga Breeze.
We might end up linking
with him on this work.
but there's another conversation
I need to have
before I can make that call
for sure.
We need to be earning. Kanan.
Give me another day or two.
["Deploi" playing]
[door slams open]
Get your fuckin' hands
where we can see 'em!
Up!
[grim. ominous music playing]
[music fades]
Yo.
What y'all been hearin'
about this nigga 'Nique?
Where he at?
All I'm hearing
is he on the run.
Nah. I hear he hidin' out
in Hollis
with his girl somewhere.
[dramatic music playing]
Split that shit up
between y'all.
You hear something
that get me to 'Nique.
there's more where
that came from.
-We got you.
-Yeah.
[music fades]
Time to go back to school.
Kanan.
Hit them books.
Get you an edu-ma-cation.
We're here to scare you
fuckin' straight. homeboy.
Fuck you.
Raq got y'all grabbin' me up
just like you did my man Famous.
Punk-ass police.
Gon' do me like y'all did him?
What the fuck
are you talkin' about?
Shawn Figueroa.
Hood called him "Famous."
That was my best fuckin' friend
and y'all killed him
for my moms.
We don't even know who or what
the fuck a Famous is.
[officer] Yeah.
enough of this bullshit.
Look.
We're shuttin' you down.
Your operation's no longer...
operational.
We hear you're up cookin'
in that apartment.
we'll be back for you.
And next time. you won't walk
outta here on two good legs.
[dramatic music playing]
[door closes]
♪♪
[car engine starts]
[music fades]
[Raq sighs]
Shit been sittin' here too long.
[sighs] We gotta move it.
How the fuck we even
talkin' about this work.
when the nigga who killed Lou
is still out here?
Is killing 'Nique gonna make us
any fuckin' money. Marvin?
Is droppin' that nigga
gonna move all this weight
we got collectin' fuckin' dust?
I know you busy playing
Truck Turner or Shaft
or whoever the fuck
you think you are right now.
but I still gotta figure out
how to get us paid.
And let me just remind you
that we in this fuckin' spot
'cause of you and your bullshit.
Just like always.
You fuck shit up. and then
I gotta piece it back together.
I wanna put Unique down too.
but unlike you.
I gotta come up with a way
to get these Afghan
motherfuckers off us.
'Cause them niggas
don't fuck around. Marvin.
You don't come correct
with them.
they're gonna slit
your fuckin' neck
with the same sword
they shoved up your ass.
Yo. you talk to Stefano?
[Raq] He said we dead in Queens.
Said we fuck with any work
in his neck of the woods.
he gon' put hitters all over us.
[dramatic music playing]
Fuck Stefano and fuck Queens.
We goin' to Manhattan.
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
Mrs. Dixon.
I'm Detective Joseph Garcia.
I'd like to talk to you
about your daughter.
Iesha.
[dramatic musical transition]
These mafia niggas run Manhattan
just like they run Queens.
Different ones.
And nobody know more than us
these dagos
like nothing better
than to fuck with each other.
All that honor
and integrity bullshit
go right out the fuckin' window
when they think
they can get a leg up
on some other
mozzarella motherfucker.
Joaquin linked me with the nigga
who sit over Manhattan.
I'm meetin' with him tonight.
Colombian Joaquin?
[Raq] He been in business
with them for a while.
See. that's the thing.
More competition in Manhattan.
but it's bigger.
so the shit's more open.
Ain't no way Stefano gonna be
cool with us
setting up shop there. though.
[Raq] Stefano said we done
in Southside.
He ain't say shit about
the rest of the city.
And he only posted up
in Queens anyway.
He ain't got no juice like that
in Manhattan.
[dramatic music playing]
This work right here.
is all we got in the world.
Take it down to Cafe Vous.
Assuming that we can get our
shit up and running in the city.
we can push it out the club.
And we can wash our money
there too.
Lou gon' roll over in his grave
seein' us work outta his club.
[Raq] Lou gon' want us
to stay alive. Marvin.
And that club is about to be
our lifeline.
[music intensifies]
-[music fades]
-I'm gonna be waiting for you.
I'm gonna be back.
Jerome.
Come say bye to your father.
-[sighs]
-He just got a lot of feelings
that he doesn't know
how to deal with.
I love you.
I love you too.
I need to know
what's goin' on with you.
Stay in touch with us.
[solemn music playing]
You don't know how much
I needed this hug. Jerome.
You don't know.
Thank you.
[music fades]
[indistinct PA announcement]
What we hearin'
from our white boys?
They about to be out.
Them niggas go through
more work in a day
than the corners do in a week.
Should I be a part of this?
You got other shit to do.
I'll get up wit' you later.
-[door closes]
-[ominous music playing]
[music fades]
What you hear about Uncle Lou?
You know who did it?
I look like the police to you?
Fuck do I know. Juke?
Gotta be Unique. though. right?
Look...
I just wanna eat.
You know that...
Aunt Raq was with Unique
for a while.
Who told you that?
She did.
[tense music playing]
What your Aunt Raq do
ain't nobody business but hers.
Even when she messing
with the nigga
who killed your brother?
Fuck you want me to say. Juke?
I know 'Nique
killed your Uncle Lou
and I know he's still out there.
And yeah. I also know that
that low-down dirty nigga
and my sister messed around
with each other for a minute.
But what you want me
to say about all that?
What you need to hear?
Just tell me what it is.
I'll say that shit
so you can get
what the fuck you want out of me
and I can eat my fuckin' dinner.
-[music fades]
-["Pressure" playing]
♪ Anytime
That you want it. bae ♪
♪ I'ma make sure
I'm there every day ♪
♪ To love you ♪
[backing vocalist]
♪ Hold you ♪
[backing vocalist] ♪ Hold you ♪
♪ Kissin' all over
Your body. bae ♪
[backing vocalist]
♪ Body. baby ♪
♪ This the type of love
You need every day ♪
♪ I told you ♪
♪ There's no one better ♪
♪ Pressure ♪
♪ All these games
You wanna play ♪
♪ Let me just tease your... ♪
-Hey.
-My brother's Marvin Thomas.
I was hoping I could holla
at you right quick.
♪ Pressure ♪
♪ Oh ♪
As of this morning.
the long national
fuckin' nightmare
that was Phil Russo is over.
[laughter]
Yeah.
But I learned my lesson.
With all due respect.
I want nothin' to do
with your business.
So while I... I congratulate you
on your new enterprise.
I'm not interested
in being a participant.
Now. this is not to say
that I don't want my taste.
I expect it. and I demand it.
I'm just not interested
in being involved
in any other aspect
of your operation.
No trucks. No ports. No nothing.
So you're gonna need to figure
that all out for yourself.
I won't stand in the way
of your business...
but I also won't be
a party to it.
We'll handle all that.
And should someone
come along to replace you.
you'll fight it out
and I'll throw in
with the winner.
Ha.
From here on out.
I'm what they call agnostic.
And I got no allegiance to you
or anyone else.
Yeah. we understand.
And honor your position.
Nevertheless. we felt...
like it was worthwhile
for you to meet
the principals
in our organization.
This is our nephew...
Breeze.
[chuckles] So. you. uh.
you ever consider that. uh.
Hurricane or Tornado
or maybe even Typhoon
might have sounded
a little stronger?
I ain't all stormy like that.
though. boss.
I float in. float out.
coolin' shit along the way.
Breeze.
And I believe you're familiar
with our resident boy wonder.
Kanan Stark.
Him I know.
[tense music playing]
[Snaps] Mm-hmm.
He's a recent. but exciting.
addition to the team.
[Stefano] It's my understanding
that. uh.
you plan on having Unique
join this fuckin' party here.
I'm assuming you know
that he was allied
with the now late
cocksucker Phil Russo.
[Pop] Yeah. but Unique's
still got people out here.
It's not that easy
to just move past him.
I disagree.
[dramatic musical sting]
♪ Yo. check it ♪
["Ain't No Love" playing]
You work as a call girl too. right?
[Jennifer] I'm sorry.
I got confused.
I thought you were someone else.
I don't know
what you talkin' 'bout.
I'm paying you for your time.
♪ Trust no one Not even a few ♪
♪ Got some things on my chest
Gotta kick my truth... ♪
I just wanna know if you ever
tricked in Manhattan.
And if you did.
who was runnin' that work.
I only escort
in the outer boroughs.
It's mostly high-end work
in Manhattan
and you need
a four-year degree for that.
And who pimpin' in the city?
Flossie Siegel's
got all the best girls.
Know how I can get to her?
[Jennifer] Nah.
But I'd be careful.
Flossie can be real scary.
♪ We go back and forth ♪
♪ Back and forth ♪
I can be real scary too.
♪♪
[song fades]
[machine whirring]
["Get Money" playing]
How the fuck you gon' have
that meeting without me?
You sayin' we 'bout
to be partners
but you havin' parlays about
this business behind my back?
You didn't miss nothin'. 'Nique.
Just that Italian telling us
he don't wanna get close
to the work no more
but he still want his piece.
Lil' Linguini said that?
The fish guy. Stefano?
Yeah. Him.
Motherfucker got no love for me.
Shit. I was working
with the nigga
who poked a knife into him.
Stefano not thinkin'
'bout you. man.
He just want his money.
[loud slam]
I know y'all tryin'
to cut me out this deal.
Straight up. nigga.
you ain't foolin' nobody
wit' your garbage
about your options
and opportunities.
You ain't got nothin'
but what we offerin'.
All this flexin' and beefin'
is straight vapor. nigga.
[tense music playing]
Maybe you got some
stray soldiers here and there
but they ain't got nothin'
to fight for.
They fight for me.
They fight
for whoever feedin' 'em.
And you ain't that nigga
no more.
None of that matter anyway
'cause you ain't gettin' cut
outta any deal.
You in this. We partners.
Believe that. 'Nique.
♪♪
I got you.
Yeah.
[music fades]
I made a lot of money
with Joaquin over the years.
Which is why I agreed
to meet with you.
But...
I gotta tell you...
our friend Stefano.
he doesn't speak fondly of you.
I could say the same thing
about him.
but I won't.
When you talkin' about
other people
it's 'cause you ain't got
nothin' good
to say about yourself.
So you wanna be in business
in Manhattan?
[Raq] There's an opportunity
here.
For both of us.
[Pino] But. um...
why would I go around
Stefano's back?
Because we're not
goin' around his back.
We doin' it right in front
of his fuckin' face.
Which. knowing you people.
is just how you like to do it.
[tense music playing]
You know us too well.
[music fades]
You movin' in?
[sighs] Oh. shit.
Damn.
You scared me. Shirley.
Saw that van parked out front
with some guy standing guard.
I wondered what was going on.
I thought maybe the bank
was finally taking over.
[laughs]
Nah. Um...
just need to keep some shit
here for a minute.
What's in the boxes?
[dramatic music playing]
Nothin'. You know. um.
just some bullshit.
Bullshit? Yeah.
That sounds about right.
-[traffic buzzing]
-[music fades]
Manhattan ain't Queens
and Queens ain't Manhattan.
But what works there
doesn't work here. vice versa.
By and large.
we got a far more sophisticated
clientele here.
So the Tiparillos
you been selling
on the other side
of the Triborough.
it ain't gonna cut it with
the Cohiba crowd over here.
I got connects I can tap into
for all that.
To continue my thought.
should I choose to explore
your proposal here.
all I'd be providing
is protection. police.
and permission.
Although. the police piece
will be limited
because they tend
to draw the line
when it comes
to this particular business.
In addition.
I have a big appetite
and I take a very healthy bite.
And as I'm sure you know.
I already got
trusted professionals
doing this work for me.
So...
it's important to me
that you don't step
on their toes.
[tense. dramatic music playing]
It's a big borough.
Mr. Bernardi.
There's room for everybody.
Well...
you'd have to establish
your own customer base
and find a way to move your work
around the city.
I got some thoughts
on that. actually.
What you know about
Flossie Siegel?
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
I know I look like
I was born yesterday
but. believe it or not.
I know a thing or two
about a thing or two.
Those boxes
are filled with trouble. Marvin.
What are you doin'?
We're gonna buy you out of
your share of the club. Shirl.
Me and my sister.
Gonna give you a fair price.
And that's gon' be that.
I suppose this is
a non-negotiable offer.
Like I said.
price is gon' be fair.
I don't think Louis
would have liked this.
Goddamn right about that.
Then why are you doing it?
[solemn music playing]
Because... [sighs]
[sighs]
Lou's not...
Lou's not here no more.
[sighs]
[Kanan] Far as y'all
are concerned.
shit's business as usual.
We just workin' outta here now.
-[man] A'ight.
-[dramatic music playing]
Money stay the same.
Hours don't change.
We back up.
[man laughs]
-[scooter engine revving]
-[chatter]
[Breeze] You double up the Vics?
Also bumped up the Xanax
and the Ritalin.
[pills rattling]
[music transitions
into grim music]
Hmm.
[music fades]
All right.
We'll circle back
in a couple weeks.
[siren wailing nearby]
Can't trust this nigga Breeze.
Hell. can't trust any of 'em.
Breeze. Snaps. Pop.
Lil' Linguini.
See. they don't need us. Kanan.
They just wanna keep you and me
in the fold for a minute
so our crews don't wild
the fuck out
before they put us down.
Ain't how I see it.
You ain't been around
long enough
to even know what the fuck
you seein'. boy.
These niggas ain't our friends.
our partners. or our people.
And we just a means
to an end for them.
Fuck you want. 'Nique?
'Cause I got money to make.
Youngster done drunk
all that Kool-Aid.
I want you and me
to do our own thing.
Fuck these other niggas.
Ain't nothin' for you and me
to do.
We ain't got work without them.
And they about to run
the Southside.
How come you ain't askin' me
about your Uncle Lou?
Streets sayin' I put him down.
but guess you ain't get
that memo.
Fuck is the point in talkin'
'bout shit that can't change?
[scoffs]
Someone dropped
one of my family.
they ain't seein' the sun
come up.
But maybe you ain't beefin'
wit' me like that
'cause you know I didn't do it.
Who put down Lou? Your moms?
'Cause that would be
just like her.
She don't give a fuck
about nobody else.
Or maybe it was Marvin.
Sometimes them brotherly beefs
get real ugly.
Nobody know that shit
better than me.
[grim music playing]
Maybe it was you.
Maybe you and Lou
got into some shit
because you tryin' to break off
from the fam.
So much drama with all y'all.
I can't keep track of that shit.
But you know what they say
about family. man.
Can't live wit' 'em...
can't live wit' em.
[music fades]
♪ Seeing you there
With the next man ♪
♪ Had to flex
For some checks... ♪
You told this nigga 'Nique about
the sit-down at the hospital.
♪ Things were all good
In the hood ♪
Had to be you.
Ain't nobody else knew.
And nobody in that room
gonna talk.
I just asked him if he knew.
Seemed like something
he shoulda been in on.
You stirrin' up trouble. Taz.
♪ My girl's out
With another dude... ♪
You all sour and shit
'cause you think
you gettin' passed over.
I am gettin' passed over.
Yeah.
You are. nigga.
["Seeing You" playing]
But that shit about to be
the least of your problems.
♪ Now the bitch
Is street bound ♪
♪ Yo. I see you there
Straight act of despair ♪
[ship horn blowing in distance]
[Unique] They circlin'
the wagons. Akbar.
They sayin' we good. but...
shit gone bad.
Soon as Phil Russo
fucked up the hit...
we was always gonna be
in the crosshairs.
[siren wailing nearby]
I'ma lay low in Jersey
for a while.
Maybe stayin' out the mix
in Southside
will get this fuckin' target
off my back.
You should do the same.
I can't run away from shit. nigga.
That's my fuckin' problem.
Maybe it ain't about
you runnin' from shit. though.
[grim. solemn music playing]
Maybe you runnin' to somethin'.
[music fades]
Laverne Thomas and her family
are connected to a number
of serious crimes
across the city.
I know Iesha here
is friends with Laverne.
And I'm sure you don't want her
to get caught up in all that.
Yeah. what kind of crimes?
All kinds. Mr. Dixon.
I'm sorry. detective.
but I've been Black
for long enough
to doubt anything and everything
that the police say.
so I'm gonna need you to be
a little more specific.
Is it jaywalking?
Littering?
What crimes are we
talking about exactly?
Murder. Mr. Dixon.
Drug trafficking. Extortion.
Crimes that get you
life in prison. or worse.
Iesha doesn't know
anything about that.
I need to hear that from her.
Tell the detective
that you don't know anything.
He's been following Juke around
for months.
just trying to mess
with her life.
None of what he's saying
is true.
This is Laverne Thomas's uncle.
[tense music playing]
He was just murdered recently
during what we believe was
a drug transaction gone bad.
You may not believe the police.
but believe me when I tell you
that your daughter's in danger.
Mr. and Mrs. Dixon.
[music fades]
We ain't heard shit
about Unique.
But this nigga
he been rollin' with?
-Akbar.
-Yeah. old roly-poly-ass nigga.
He posted up at this spot
out in Jersey.
Yeah. um...
If he out there.
'Nique might be wit' him.
That's good lookin' out.
Just get me to 'Nique
and gon' be more behind it.
A'ight.
[car engine starts]
-[car horns honking]
-[siren wailing]
Appreciate you sittin' down
with me on such short notice.
especially since we don't
even know each other.
Well. when Pino Bernardi
asks me to take a meeting.
I only ask when and where.
I'm assuming Mr. Bernardi
mentioned why I wanted to talk.
He did. but why don't you
tell me in your own words.
I'm in a specific kind
of business. Ms. Siegel.
Oh. call me Flossie.
Ms. Siegel is what they're gonna
call me in my Times obituary.
And you don't need to dance
around how you make your living.
You sell drugs.
I'm aware. Pino told me.
And I'm pleased for you.
I love a female entrepreneur.
Raquel.
It doesn't matter to me
what the fuck she does.
[dramatic music builds]
[music fades]
And he said that your dad
was investigated by the FBI
for. like. all sorts of crimes.
And that your aunt killed
somebody in her house.
He just had this whole list of
shit that your family had done.
My parents are saying
I can never see you again.
I mean. I had to lie to them.
tell 'em I was going to
some friend's from school.
just to be here right now.
What'd you say to the police?
Nothing.
I mean. I don't know anything.
You sure you didn't say
some shit
just to get them off you
and your family?
You think I would do that
to you?
[inhales sharply]
Your parents are right. Iesha.
You shouldn't be wit' me.
Are you fuckin' serious?
I mean. after everything.
you're saying this to me?
Shit between us won't work.
Wasn't ever gonna work.
[somber music playing]
You gotta go.
You don't mean what you sayin'
right now.
I do.
Fuck you. Juke.
[door slams]
[music fades]
So my girls
would be handling sales.
delivery. even a little bit
of marketing?
They'd hit up your tricks about
this new service they provide.
and they'd also deliver the work
and collect the money.
But they wouldn't just be
making drops to your clients.
They'd also be couriers
for regular old buyers
who ain't fuckin'
wit' your girls like that.
I'm gonna be frank
with you. Raquel.
This is not the first time
I've been pitched this business.
I have the NYPD in my pocket.
They love my money and my girls
so we're left alone.
which makes me
especially attractive
to someone like you.
But I haven't pursued
an opportunity like this
for two reasons.
First off. solicitation
is a far lesser crime
than drug trafficking.
I would much rather
do a few nights
in Manhattan Correctional
than a decade in Sing Sing.
Truthfully. though.
you do what I do.
you know that at some point
you're gonna be looking
at three hots and a cot.
The real reason
I've been resistant
to a venture like this.
is that up until
this very moment.
it's always been men
pitching me on it.
I'm sure you know
how that works.
Within two weeks.
these assholes are telling me
that I'm running my business
all wrong.
And then a week after that.
they're trying to elbow me out.
So then I've gotta put a bullet
between their fucking eyes.
I don't want that headache.
and trust me. neither do they.
But this is
a different opportunity.
Because you're different.
[dramatic music playing]
I am.
I'd have to have a big piece.
And I know you must be
breaking off
a hell of a lot to Pino already.
Nobody ever need to stress
about my money but me.
If you down. I'll make it work.
I'm good.
I'm always good.
[music fades]
["Cold Turn the Party Out"
playing]
♪ On my way to Club Eso... ♪
These New York niggas
never satisfied. man.
Always want more than they got.
And then they get put
the fuck down trying to get it.
♪ Bouncer
With the snippet tape ♪
♪ Yo God. we performing
At one o'clock... ♪
I'd rather lay up here
in New Jers with my own shit
than be in the fuckin' ground
with my fuckin' dead hand
reachin' for some shit
that wasn't ever gon' be mines
in the first place.
[door opens]
[intense dramatic music playing]
Where 'Nique at?
You tell me where 'Nique at
and I'ma let you finish
that drink before I drop you.
He said he gon' let me
finish my drink
before he drop me.
[laughing]
This nigga funny. huh?
[chuckles]
[men grunting]
[music intensifies]
[racking shotgun]
[grunting]
[Akbar coughs]
[groaning]
Guess you ain't gon' finish
that drink after all.
[gasping]
Where 'Nique?
[panting]
[muted gunshots]
[music transitions
into tense. ominous music]
[dramatic beat]
[music intensifies]
[wife] I'm sure
they're just Braxton-Hicks.
I don't think they're
real contractions.
[Garcia] There's no harm
in going to the hospital
and havin' 'em check it out.
All right.
All right. You got it?
[wife] Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Come on.
[music fades]
[Garcia] Let's go. Let's go.
[wife] Come on. sweetie.
-[Garcia] All right. You good?
-[wife] Yeah. Yeah.
[wife groans]
-Put your seat belt on.
-[Garcia sighs]
[groans]
[car engine sputters]
[engine starts]
[crickets chirring]
[dog barking in distance]
[Breeze] They got stairs
at the back of the building.
And I paid off the super
for the key to his crib.
This nigga not gon'
hear us comin'.
In case any neighbors lookin'.
You good. right?
Heard some shit about him being
wit' your moms for a minute.
[gun magazine clicking]
Fuck 'Nique.
[ominous music playing]
[music transitions
into tense. grim music]
[car door opens]
[crickets chirring]
[car door closes]
[gun cocks]
♪♪
Nobody here.
[eerie ambient music]
[owl hooting]
[muffled radio chatter]
[music builds slowly]
[radio chatter continues]
[reporter] ...in an effort
to hold more accountability.
The decision... [indistinct]
an administration
which prioritized implementing
neutrality rule.
Then. last year.
the FCC effectively
reinstated neutrality when it...
[radio report
continues indistinctly]
♪♪
[door creaks]
[music fades]
We just left our stuff
in that house.
We can get new shit.
But what about everything
back in New York?
We're done with New York. P.
We ain't never goin' back.
We're startin' over.
[older Kanan]
The game tells you.
you different than everyone
that came before you.
Tells you that you special.
That you
Tony motherfuckin' Montana.
And you believe it. you got to.
Because not believin' it.
is the same as not believin'
in you.
See. you the game nigga.
And walkin' away from it means
walkin' away from yourself.
From who you are.
who you always been.
Any fool who ever hustled know
the only thing harder
than stayin' in the game.
is leavin' that shit behind.
'Cause that's leavin' you
behind.
But this nigga right here.
this is one of the only cats
I ever known
who was strong enough
to do that.
Respect.
["Whatcha See is Whatcha Get"
by The Dramatics playing]
-♪ Hey ♪
-♪ Some people ♪
♪ Are made of plastic ♪
♪ You know some people ♪
♪ Are made of wood ♪
♪ Some people
Have hearts of stone ♪
Are up to no good ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ But. baby ♪
♪ I'm for real ♪
♪ I'm as real As real can get ♪
♪ If what you're looking for ♪
♪ Is real lovin' ♪
♪ Then what you see
Is what you get ♪
♪ Ha ♪
♪ What you see ♪
[backing vocalists]
♪ Is what you get ♪
♪ What you see ♪
[backing vocalists]
♪ Is what you get ♪
♪ I said what you see ♪
[backing vocalists]
♪ What you see ♪
♪ Is what you get. my baby ♪
[backing vocalists]
♪ Is what you get ♪
♪ And the real thing ♪
-♪ The real thing ♪
-♪ Is the best thing yet ♪
[backing vocalists]
♪ The best thing yet ♪
♪♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-